GREETING PAGE

get rid of aspriring


ABOUT PAGE

First year software engineering aiming big

Fluencies
Able to accommodate for JavaScript, CSS, HTML & more to come

Appealing Designs
Full aesthetic appeal for Front-End Development through minute attention to detail

Concrete Logic
Strong foundation dealing with challenging situations

Quick Skilled 
Fast paced results through flexability in a challenging environment




A first-year software engineer, I came into my course with predetermined knowledge on languages far advancing what was expected of me. Before starting my career as a software engineer, I had already studied Python in high school (topping the HSC Software Design class). 
As time goes by, I will insert myself even more thoroughly into any role and gather as much knowledge as possible during my career. I have studied the inner workings of computers for a very long time, beginning in 2012 when I learnt to modify Minecraft on a laptop given to me and create simple batch files, fast forward to present day when I completed one of my first big design projects being this website. More information on this can be found via my blog post. 
Over my years, I have built multiple desktop computers from scratch, completed work experience in IT, topped the computer classes for the final 4 years of schooling and now have begun studying software engineering as something more than my passion… My future.
To truly excel at something, I believe you must have a fire in your stomach, to feed your passion for results. I excel at software engineering simply because I love it. I love the challenge it provides, however like other professions every position has its seemingly unachievable goals. I am human. I am no robot. So, with that in mind even building this website from the bottom up was challenging. I had eureka moments and unproductive moments in which I was stuck in one section for extended periods until I eventually solved the riddle. But solved it I did, proving my desire to overcome anything thrown at me. 
